Introduction

These terms of use (“Terms”) govern your use of this website; by using this website, you accept these terms and conditions in full. If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use this website.

You must be at least 18 years of age to use this website. By using this website [and by agreeing to these terms and conditions] you warrant and represent that you are at least 18 years of age.

Overview:

These Terms form a legal agreement between You (“User”) including, if applicable, any legal entity which Users represent or act for; and Us, “InstaMuscle Inc. (“InstaMuscle”) and sets forth the terms and conditions governing user’s access to, and use of, this site (“Site”) and the services (“Services”) provided thereby, which enables demand-side (homeowners, renters, businesses) and supply-side (individuals doing the moving) users to connect to move items owned by the demand-side. Please read these Terms carefully before using the site. By using the Site, Users agree to be bound by these Terms, as may be amended by InstaMuscle from time to time. The changes to terms will be announced to the users in the written form and users will be advised to review the changes. If You do not agree to these Terms, please refrain from using the Site and Services.

Payments:

Payments are agreed upon between the users and the users are responsible for paying or collecting any payments. 
Tax Issues:

Any tax liability are the responsibility of the User.

License to use website

Unless otherwise stated, InstaMuscle and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website. Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.

You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.

You may not:

republish material from this website (including republication on another website);
sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;
show any material from the website in public;
reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on this website for a commercial purpose;
edit or otherwise modify any material on the website; or
redistribute material from this website [except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution].

Acceptable use

You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website, or in any manner which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.

You must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.

You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including, without limitation, scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to this website without InstaMuscle’s express written consent.

You must not use this website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications.

You must not use this website for any purposes related to marketing without InstaMuscle’s express written consent.

 

Privacy Statement

We are committed to protecting your privacy. Authorized employees within the company on a need to know basis only use any information collected from individual users. We constantly review our systems and data to ensure the best possible service to our users.

We will not sell, share, or rent your personal information to any third party or use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail. Any emails sent by this Company will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services and products.

No warranties

This website and subsequent services that result are provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied. InstaMuscle makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website or any services provided by any User. 

Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, InstaMuscle does not warrant that:

this website will be constantly available, or available at all; or
the information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading.

Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind. If you require advice in relation to any legal or financial matter you should consult an appropriate professional.

Limitations of liability

InstaMuscle will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website or services provided by Users:

to the extent that the website is provided free-of-charge, for any direct loss;
for any indirect, special or consequential loss; or
for any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data.

These limitations of liability apply even if InstaMuscle has been expressly advised of the potential loss.

 

Reasonableness

By using this website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in this website disclaimer are reasonable.

If you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this website.

 

Unenforceable provisions

If any provision of this website disclaimer is, or is found to be, unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of this website disclaimer.

Indemnity

You hereby indemnify InstaMuscle and undertake to keep InstaMuscle indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by InstaMuscle to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of InstaMuscle’s legal advisers) incurred or suffered by InstaMuscle arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms and conditions, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms and conditions.

Breaches of these terms of use

Without prejudice to InstaMuscle’s other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms in any way, InstaMuscle may take such action as InstaMuscle deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.

Variation

InstaMuscle may revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time. Revised terms and conditions will apply to the use of this website from the date of the publication of the revised terms and conditions on this website. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.

Assignment

InstaMuscle may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with InstaMuscle’s rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions without notifying you or obtaining your consent.

Users may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.

Severability

If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect. If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.

Entire agreement

These terms of use constitute the entire agreement between you and InstaMuscle in relation to your use of this website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.

Effective Date 12-20-19.
